Update change-notifications-delivery-webhooks.md (#9863)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: concepts/change-notifications-delivery-webhooks.md

 - If your endpoint is able to process the notification within the 3-second window, it should return a 200 - OK status code to Microsoft Graph
 - Otherwise, we recommend to validate and persist the notification in a queue on your endpoint and return 202 - Accepted status code within the 3-second window.
 - If the notification isn't processed or queued, return a 5xx class code to indicate an error so that Microsoft Graph can retry the notification.

Notifications that fail to deliver are retried at exponential backoff intervals. Missed notifications might take up to 4 hours to resend once your endpoint comes online.

### Throttling
For security and performance reasons, Microsoft Graph throttles notifications sent to endpoints that become slow or unresponsive. It might include dropping notifications in a way that they can't be recovered.

> 1. An endpoint is marked "slow" once more than 10% of responses take longer than the 3s timeout allowance in a 10-minute window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An endpoint is marked "slow" once more than 10% of responses take longer than the 3-second timeout allowance in a 10-minute window.
```
